Quickly, What is a cult?
From the outset, let's throw away everyone else definition and say a cult it this (when I say it): Propaganda if nothing else --where propaganda, but it's propaganda that's accepted as a primary location of belonging for a very small fragment of a larger set of people. Yes, incidentally, I'm calling you and me and everyone a propagandist. For my part herein, I'll be explaining this particular group's propaganda, not to judge but to share the experience for I hold it as dear and valuable as any other -- regardless whether it's "truth" as truth is just a concept and concepts are an adult's imaginary friends. (I hear some of your clever typies asking me if this is true -- and I tell you I don't know; truth is your pursuit and I'm with Pilate on this one.


1. (Prologue) -- America in 48 hours
	Raise Your Hand If You Don't Think America is Totally Fucked
		After years of careless living on motorcycles, in hotels, in offices, without care. I took a look in the news, summer of 2014: unchecked immigration, never-ending war, ebola, imminent collapse of economy from robotics, and AI overlord. The profit-controlled, click-driven media aroused a level of anxiety for the future of the world (read society) -- a society of conformity to things to which I could never aspire: good credit (who gives a fuck what corporations "think"), a house (that you never own, but borrow until the government decides otherwise), fucking retirement in golden years. Really think about it -- how on an earth full of vivid experience, could you give a fuck about any of these trivialities and ponzi schemes. Sorry, but you have to be a total idiot -- I say this lovingly because I realize that I'm the one that ended up in a doomsday cult. 
		The upshot, I saw the well-established order of things (which is definitely crumbling) in all out chaos; so you could say I was "open" to alternatives, especially when those alternatives were overtly embracing of apocolypse.
		With this mindset, we started to watch #reality-questioning-videos on Youtube. The interesting thing about #AI (and yes Google already has AI, if you don't believe me find someone who can tell you the first 10 search results from any query (and the mechanics behind said results).
			If you can't, then it's #AI -- and no I don't care if you disagree -- that's why I'm the author.
		As anyone whose went down the recomended videos rabbit-hole, you'll like be quite entertained by a good thread. Well in this thread, we found the #second-coming [if you want to stop and watch the video now]. 
		Within a week, we had sold all the possessions we could, wrapped all the ones we deemed value in a tarp, strapped to the top of a 2005 Honda Civic; and no, there were no luggage racks. But we didn't care, the fucking world was ending in days or weeks. I still remember quite vividly: I said goodbye to two of my really good friends who came by at midnight under a gigantic moon in Charlotte NC, July 13th 2014. We chose a #more-northenly-route to miss the flood of illegal aliens pouring in across the southern border -- can you be too careful when you're trying to get out the country before it collapses?? We drove all night -- NC took a while as we had to stop a few times and adjust our load. TN at daybreak -- still remember that #Starbucks every time I've driven past it since. KY then MO.
	(Bad Vibes near St Louis)
		Before you wrap all of your belongings into a tarp and lash it to the hood of your car to drive acrss country, get tires first. That's easy to conclude after St. Louis.
		6:00PM
		Have you ever pulled up to a gas station where everyone looks completely strange only to realize that you're the strange one? There's much hostility and loathing in fear, there's tons of ugliness in Missouri. But the arches were amazing -- only learned later that Jefferson meant to signify door to Destined Manifestness.
	Terror in Kansas
		12:00 AM
		Take a drive across KS on #I-whatever in the middle of the night when you think the world is ending: all those red flashing lights are the only sign of civilization aside from the large gas stations every 50 miles or so. We hit one of these around 3:00 AM. A car pulled in behind us in an otherwise empty establishment. As I walk out from paying, a woman bounds out of the aforementioned car and calls out to me, "Jesus!!!". I'm not kidding at all. She immediately asks me to take a picture with her. I'm so road weary and terried from this horrific landscape that I have no clue what to do, I look to Erica and ask her what she thinks, at this moment, my first-and-only acolyte turns around, walks back to the car, gets in, they drive off -- having done nothing else whatsoever at that gas station.
	Oh Oh Color-ado-re
		Dawn Monday
		We cross into CO at dawn. It was literally a transformation at the state line. As terrifying as KS was, the whole fucking state, CO was majestic, deeply, movingly beautiful #yes-the-pics.
		1PM
		We stop for lunch just outside of Grand Junction #find-the-park and have the most profound picnic a the foot of these mountains, by the lake of the park. I didn't want to leave, and still don't.  
	You for Utah

2. Raelity -- What do they believe in?
	Raymond Lear & How They Know Him -- How Social Media Created Raelity
		How They Know Him
			Youtube
				UN Diplomatic Video
				???
			Twitter
				??
			Angelus Domini (A Fused Spirit)
				The head of Rayel's Church (Regent?)
				see book on amazon for 13 pounds
			The Channel Channel
				Visions, Speakings, & Dreams
					That Rayel Whispered to him as they watched one of his videos, even turning the video off and still hearing him.

			Healings
				Claimed that his broken shoulder was instantly healed.
		How He became Lord Rayel
		Where is He?
		Chastisements
			The Sun
			Natural Disasters
	Pioneers
		Leaving America
		Mexican Motels Are Hazardous to Gringo Health
			Paper Doors
			Cartels
		Finding the dief
			Special Locations

	The Torah Codes
		The Coders
			Richard Ruff
			Emil 
	The Church
		Digital
		Donations

	Judaism, Xianity, Islam
		the Madhi
		The Moschiac
		The Second Coming
	America is Babylon/Great Satan
	The Pope is the Whore
	Obama is the Anti-Christ
	Holy Putin
	Occultism & Pop Culture
		Ancient Aliens
		Tarot
		Nemesis, Nibiru, 
	Transmission of Belief
	Speculations

	The Ecclesiastical Structure
	The Garments
	The Eschatology
	Sex Sex Sex
	Other Lives: Meet Samson, Elijah, Enki, Enlil, Jon the Baptist, 
	New Bodies
	The Mission -- To Isreal for Rayel's Coronation and the Rebuild Solomon's Temple
The Sanctuary.
	Arriving
	Folklore of the Dief
	Notes on Locale
	Communal
	Daily Life
		Morning Meetings
		Martial Arts
		No Power
		Two Bathrooms for 12 People
		The Showers
		Cartels Above
		Internet Cafes
	Nightly Life
		Fires
		Food
		UFOS (yes for real)
	Exceptional Works
		The Poop Pit
		The Garden
	Smells & Bells
	All The 
The goings on
	The Sermons
	Free Energy
	Calling Rabbis
	The too extreme Night Mother
	Martial Arts
	Seminars & Local Outreach
	Going to America -- Take Protection & Permission
	The Beach
	Tiajuana KNights
On Being Co-Opted

Epilogue -- America in 72 nervy hours
